Doc: Vague link text. (#2698)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/aws/ec2/_index.md

- The [AWS CLI][aws cli] configured (run `aws configure`).
- A Grafana instance with a Loki data source already configured, you can use [GrafanaCloud][GrafanaCloud] free trial.

> For the sake of simplicity we'll use a GrafanaCloud Loki and Grafana instances, you can get an free account for this tutorial at [GrafanaCloud], but all the steps are the same if you're running your own Open Source version of Loki and Grafana instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity we'll use a Grafana Cloud Loki and Grafana instances, you can get a free account for this tutorial at [Grafana Cloud], but all the steps are the same if you're running your own Open Source version of Loki and Grafana instances.
```

Note that you can use [relabeling][relabeling] to convert systemd labels to match what you want. Finally make sure that the path of journald logs is correct, it might be different on some systems.

> > You can download the final config example from our [github repository][final config].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can download the final config example from our [GitHub repository][final config].
```
